[music]
>> Hi, I'm Mark. I'm an in-house product
lawyer at Anthropic.
>> [music]
>> This morning, a product manager sent me
a Slack asking a quick question on a
feature that launched a few months ago.
>> [music]
>> Now, I've only got a few minutes for my
next meeting and none of the context I
had when I wrote the original memo about
it. [music]
The old me would have spent the first
hour of the day rereading my own work,
pulling up the old brief, figuring out
what actually changed, and then start
thinking about the question.
Here's how I set it up in Claude Co-work
so I don't have to do that anymore.
With Claude Co-work, I can schedule a
task to run first thing in the morning.
It's like having a personalized chief of
staff that delivers a memo for me each
day about what's on my plate, what's
new, and what's urgent.
And my Gmail inbox is connected to this
one. I've got five items sorted by
what's due today. [music]
Two are routine, one's new, and one's
that follow up on the product that the
product manager requested. That's what
I'm clicking on.
The skill I lean on most is /brief,
which is what I run when I need to come
up to speed on a specific product fast.
I helped build this plugin based on how
Anthropic's own legal department works.
>> [music]
>> It's open protocol. Any of you can open
it up and custom tailor it so it's based
on your own company's playbooks.
I type /brief and name the product and
specific change.
>> [music]
>> The skill already knows where our review
file lives and how we structure our
templates. So, my prompt is short, just
what I'm actually trying to figure out.
Claude pulls the review from the folder,
it reads the new Slack and Gmail
threads, and gives me back what I need
in the shape that I think in.
>> [music]
>> What we concluded back then,
what's actually changing, and which
parts of the whole analysis it touches.
I'm not reading a 40-page memo to find
three paragraphs.
>> [music]
>> The brief points me at those three
paragraphs.
I click into the earlier review
paragraph brief quoted,
and there it [music] is, verbatim.
I'm checking because my name goes on the
reply, and trust but verify is pretty
much the whole job.
We're ensuring that we keep a human in
the loop. Instead of doing busy work or
work about the work, spending time
pulling up all these documents and
searching for files, I can use my brain
to do more strategic thinking. That's
why I went to law school in the first
place.
Now, once I feel comfortable with my
guidance, I ask Claude to draft a reply
to the product team, and Claude asks me
to approve it.
>> [music]
>> We track tickets in Jira at Anthropic,
so I can also have it close out our
ticket. That way the rest of my team has
context the next time a question comes
up about this topic or this product
area. And we're building out a corpus of
knowledge so that anybody in the legal
department, or
>> [music]
>> if needed, the rest of the company can
access that information instead of
building information silos.
It's really empowering.
Case closed. I can walk into my next
meeting feeling confident that I was
responsive to a fast-moving product
team.
Right now, a lot of lawyers are being
asked to do more with less and embrace
AI. With Claude co-work, I feel like I'm
able to do exactly that.
>> [music]